Doc: Organized the Getting Started section (#39813)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/getting-started/getting-started-prometheus.md

Prometheus is an open source systems monitoring system for which Grafana provides out-of-the-box support. This topic walks you through the steps to create a series of dashboards in Grafana to display system metrics for a server monitored by Prometheus.

> > **Note:**  You can also configure a [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/) instance to display system metrics without having to host Grafana yourself. Grafana offers a [free account with Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/signup/cloud/connect-account?pg=gsdocs)  to help you get started.

Reviewer: perhaps simply:
```suggestion
> **Note:**  You can configure a [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/) instance to display system metrics without having to host Grafana yourself. A [free forever plan](https://grafana.com/signup/cloud/connect-account?pg=gsdocs) provides 10,000 active series for metrics.
```

The following image shows a dashboard with three panels showing some system metrics.

<img width="850px" src="/static/img/docs/getting-started/simple_grafana_prom_dashboard.png" caption="Prometheus dashboards" >

> Here are some resources to learn more:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more:
```
